# yasahram.github.io
  When visiting a webpage, there are layers to how we are able to actually visit it. We are using the Internet to access it, which is the worldiwde network of computers. Communication between two electronic devices (sending emails, texts, messages) happens by using  The Internet. All computers use ASCII, which is American Standard Code for Information Interchange, to store and and process information, making them compatible with one another. British scientist Tim Berners-Lee came up with two protocols–basic systems of rules, that would be used by all computers and allow them to exchange any information really simply. The first one is is called HTTP, HyperText Transfer Protocol, a way for two computers to exchange information through a "conversation" no matter where they may be located in the world. One computer, the client, runs a program called a web browser and asks the other computer, the web server for the information it wants and they go back and forth until the web server finds it. In short, it is a simple language allowing computers to swap files back and forth over the Internet. So the web browser is the program that asks other computers for the information it needs with a series of simple messages. 
  
  The internet also enables other applications to run on it, such as the Web, which is a collection of pages that have text, digital photographs, music/video files and animations that we can access over the Internet. A collection of web pages make up a website, and in order to access a website or webpage. Berners-Lee was also the person who came up with a way to allow any computer to locate information stored on any other computer, which is a URL, a Universal Resource Locator. Each web page or website has a URL, a page address at the top of our Web browser, telling our computer where to find the page on the other person's computer, how to access it and what to do with it to display it correctly. What allows a Web browser to read the messages and display the page correctly is the second protocol/common language Berners-Lee introduced which he called HTML or HyperText Markup Language. This language has special codes called tags that structure the texts and files on the page, that reads things such as bold font, headings, images. So the difference between the Web and the Internet is that the Internet is the network that connects computers through telephone lines and is able to have applications running on/using it, and the Web is just one of those applications that runs on the Internet.       
 
